[Music]
The drastic measure that Carlota Corredera has taken
on Instagram to protect herself
from criticism La Nota Corredera has
exploded like never before against harassment
because she is very much against harassment
unless we are talking about Chayo
Mohedano in that case she says nothing
Carlota Corredera has exploded like
never before against the harassment and demolition that
she and her colleagues constantly experience
on social networks poor thing,
those of Sálvame poor thing the harassment she
suffers what harassment and demolition they suffer the
poor thing all day long the sun goes media
directed when you heard on
those programs what was said regarding
Mrs. Jiménez daughter of a [ __ ]
shameless bad person mobster [ __ ]
or garbage unfortunate scum and bad
professional go to hell this woman did not
occur to them to put an end to this feast
of insults but directly in the
program interrupting it in the
following ones that continued doing what
I can assure you that right now I
do not remember
from that day in August what was said on
the set the presenter has wanted to
publicly tell what  what do you think you can
do to stop the wave of insults
teach feminism to the haters what do you
bet well then in aaieven when
you want we can really meet and I will
truly explain what feminism is because
maybe not maybe you don't know and hey it's
okay we are all in her
learning process the last year for Carlota
Corredera has been one of the most
intense in terms of work the
irruption of Rocío Carrasco in the world
of Mediaset has marked a before and
after in the lives of all the
collaborators and you can say it because you don't
see the change of sides and specifically in
that of the presenter Carlota has
always praised the courage that
Rocío Jurado's daughter has shown in telling all the
suffering she has been subjected to
for years without comment no the
Galician has not hesitated to give her all
her support and to stand up for her on
countless occasions they have
forgotten to put in exchange for dropping
the lawsuits against the television factory to
forget about reading/writing something that has
caused her to find herself at the center
of the  constant criticism
this is wrong carlota corredera is not
being criticized nor is she
constantly the center of criticism
for supporting rocio carrasco
one can support whoever they want each
one is free to believe or not believe or
take sides wherever they want the problem
with carlota corredera is that her feminism
is selective and it is a lie she says
nothing for carlota prado she does not speak out
regarding her colleagues against rosario
mohedano what seems dirty to me as if it
were a professional sum is that she has had to have
been a professional in your life to she is
allowing a plate full of
people of collaborators from 50 to 60
years old I have a landó of a
19 year old girl like your janeiro
then your feminism is selective
carlota corredera you are not the center of
criticism because you support rocio
carrasco you can support here it would be
missing more than we were not here
freedom of expression and that out of the
entire television factory
yes it is ballet feel that the
plant that I leave or I leave but that
chavez each one can support whoever they
want the problem is that  the
sliding note grabs you and marks an
entire program a lamentable program by the way not
doing promotions of contests and
nonsense and lotteries no an
entire afternoon dedicating the program a
heart program of gossip dedicating it to the
Tenerife line when the
body of one of them appeared okay they dedicated the
entire afternoon to her the healthy version
triviño the entire afternoon of sálvame to the
Tenerife line but not because they
cared about the victims no no no way they
did it to find some similarity
between the father of the girls from Tenerife
and Antonio David Flores they had a
smile on their faces almost like
machismo exists these patriarchy but
nevertheless you didn't say anything neither you nor the
hypocrite the signal adora scratch adora
Ana Bernal triviño you didn't say anything
about the girl from Sant Joan despi the
week before you said absolutely
nothing and that I call it Carlota corredera
selective feminism because in reality you
don't do it for the victim you do it
for several things but  in no case for
the victims for posturing for business
for agreements for interests for ideology
to defend your colleagues and here
we are interested but never because you
care about the victims let it be clear
Carlota is tired of finding herself at
the center of the target Diaz and Diaz
too and for that reason she has made a
vitally important decision that
changes the course of the dista profile
Carlota Corredera has shielded herself against
all the attacks she has received
from her hater and has sent an
important message of awareness
since some people cross limits that they do
not have to cross the one from Vigo does not
understand what motivates
users of certain social networks to
lynch celebrities for the simple
fact of appearing in the
media well you have
lynched the Flores Cano family this
Corredera then I do not understand why she does
not understand that there are people who do it
you went so far as to pick up the phone to Olga
Moreno the day before she entered
Sálvame de Luxe that you almost rolled out a
red carpet for La Pantoja no because not
only has everything  touched your husband but they have
touched a person that you adore that rocio
flowers well
but I do not do well and
I tell you the truth and I could go is
against business and thought something
against only people win the
battles when they speak from the
feeling and just listening to this
afternoon I know that you have won this battle
that you can not see Olga Moreno does not
even applaud her behavior and
her contest the survivor I
certainly believe that Olga has been the
necessary collaborator in part of the
pain of rocio parras walt swollen
Antonio David Flores piece of hypocrite
piece of false feminist who is
against abuse piece of lie on
Monday March 22 of this year you said the
sálvame that you did not sleep at night
thinking about singing in the vine would go back
to your job
I the night of Sunday to Monday to sleep
thinking that Antonio Davis comes to
work and I was but
nevertheless you 3 Mondays of ph 20 minutes
live on the same program
'sálvame' a Monday  Also talking to
Pepe Navarro talking about the documentary that
the TV factory was going to make about
Pepe Navarro, don't say that they criticize you
for defending Rocío Carrasco, you can
believe in the three wise men if you want, they
criticize you for being a hypocrite, what have you done? What
measure have you taken?
Blocking
Instagram comments? They posted comments
just for approval. It seems
perfect to me, what you're used to is
censorship. It's called that. If a profile on
Instagram threatens you, you can report them
legally. They
themselves are great and they take down your account.
What you want, what you do, and this
is [ __ ] news. The truth is, I don't
know if this news about reading this has the
intention of victimhood, the intention of
what you're worth, but if you have a problem
with people who insult you or with people who
threaten you, reports to the
Civil Guard and to the Civil Guard itself will be there and it damages
the account, but just as they insult and
threaten you, they insult and threaten Rocío
Flores, provoked by your program because
recently on your program there was a
lady in her sixties  years with my
foot in a cast telling Rocío
Flores that she doesn't have anything like you, you don't have a
[ __ ] because I'm a very fine don there on
the show Flores but ten met me
with the Fridays I'm you very fine very
feminist and very polite and the other day they
were making fun of that same kid
with Rocío Flores who retouched her photos on
Instagram and in reality she was fat
and in the Instagram photo she looked
thin and all that on your show she's
here on the same show and you're being seen so much
in this photo on the show
where she's always from the show you eat from
you don't give a [ __ ] about
harassment not only positions where you're
interested that go down blocked comment he
will be that he's going to prohibit you from being able to
comment because it seems to me censorship what
many programs always do and its
great freedom of expression exists and
when you are a public figure it is what it is
and you have to have thicker skin
what happens is that you like all your
friends what you wanted is to create an
echo chamber in which they only hear
the opinions that interest you that is
not the reality that is your
reality but the reality is not that the
reality is that  you are passing an
audience the reality that
less and less people can see and the reality is that at
any moment the advertisers are going to
stop advertising you on your program
and now go ahead and block the comments they
will be but it won't shut me up that
with nonsense man the harassment I'm going to
censor the Instagram comments or
what a machine you are Carlota Corredera
censoring the comments of Chara
wow what a huge measure
wait
thanks Lemon that taking measures if you
want to take measures to start you have to
kick out a few
collaborators from there and even some presented
[Music]